README.md, before:

# homework02-YaelBenShalom
GitHub repository - https://github.com/ME495-EmbeddedSystems/homework02-YaelBenShalom

## Overview
This package contains files that control the turtlebot's speed and direction, and make it move in an eight-shape trajectory
1. The turtlebot begins in a "paused" state and believe that that configuration is (x, y, z) = (0, 0, 0), relative to it's odometry frame.
2. Upon calling the "resume" service, the turtlebot will enter a "moving" state and begin following the eight-shape trajectory
3. Upon calling the "pause" service, the turtlebot will pause its motion, without resetting its position

## Usage instructions
1. To start running the turtlebot in figure-eight trajectory, run roslaunch homework2 figure_eight.launch.
2. To change the parameters W (the width of the figure eight), H (the height of the figure eight), T (the period of time it takes the turtlebot to complete the figure eight) and R (the frequency at which we publish the cmd_vel messages), you can edit the launchfile - launch/figure_eight.launch.

Commit message:

services 'pause' and 'resume' are working

README.md, after:

# homework02-YaelBenShalom
GitHub repository - https://github.com/ME495-EmbeddedSystems/homework02-YaelBenShalom

## Overview
This package contains files that control the turtlebot's speed and direction, and make it move in an eight-shape trajectory.
1. The turtlebot begins in a 'paused' state and believe that that configuration is (x, y, z) = (0, 0, 0), relative to it's odometry frame.
2. Upon calling the 'resume' service, the turtlebot will enter a "moving" state and begin following the eight-shape trajectory.
3. Upon calling the 'pause' service, the turtlebot will pause its motion, without resetting its position.

## Usage instructions
1. To start running the turtlebot in figure-eight trajectory, run 'roslaunch homework2 figure_eight.launch'. The turtle begins in a 'paused' state.
    1. To launch the rqt_plot and show the turtlebot's x and y position (from odometry) vs time, add 'rqt_plot:=True' to the roslaunch command.
    2. To launch the turtlebot Gazebo simulation, add 'Gazebo:=True' to the roslaunch command.
    3. To launch the turtlebot Gazebo simulation, add 'rviz:=True' to the roslaunch command.
2. To move the turtle, call the service 'resume' ('rosservice call /resume').
3. To pause the turtle movement, call the service 'pause' ('rosservice call /pause').



5. To change the parameters 'W' (the width of the figure eight), 'H' (the height of the figure eight), 'T' (the period of time it takes the turtlebot to complete the figure eight), edit the file 'config/trajectory.yaml'
6. To change the parameter R (the frequency at which we publish the cmd_vel messages) edit the file 'launch/figure_eight.launch'.
